we're here at the Miami International
Boat Show aboard the brand-new Regal 29
OBX explode as a 9-foot beam and it
takes advantage of a current trend in
large runabouts where they use outboard
power one of the key benefits of using
outboard power is the amount of storage
space that you get because you don't
have any engine here below deck you've
got this massive storage compartment
where you can carry anything from a tube
the picnic baskets defenders anything
you want to carry along with you one of
the disadvantages of using outboard
power as you can see is that it intrudes
on your swim platform a bit but let's
show you how regal a dress that as you
can see the ultra lounge platform slides
forward 12 inches you give you extra
room on the swim platform access to the
local cooler you can also see that the
platform is built around the end give
you easy access from the dock and to the
water and you can read more about the
regal 29 OBX EPOS comm
boat insurance a key knighted marine
underwriters we're simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters